In your current situation, what can you get back?
Do you really want your dignity to be violated by these people?
What does that have to do with you?
Makes you not strict
You have to push your luck again.
Your Majesty for you.
Because you want to go your own way.
So let me see what you really think.
Boss.
Guys.
Although the plan to kill the dragon was not completely successful.
But Li Buan and Trac Buan were completely opposed.
This time I will definitely win Egret International.
King Quang Lang has just resigned as Hengyang.
If I'm right.
The king of Quang Lang must have been protecting his image.
So let's do it.
Think about it.
Li has not yet been convicted.
If you agree with me in front of everyone.
Then it's definitely going to be labeled as killing innocent people.
Raped by people.
So that's it.
The Western analysis makes sense.
I won't be able to let go of Li Bu Muan easily in a while.
Fortunately, he appeared in front of the king.